Issue template for new bugs (#167)
privacypass/challenge-bypass-extension: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new-bug.md

---
name: New Bug

> about: Create a report to help us improve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Create a report to help us improve the Privacy Pass browser extension
```

title: ''
labels: triage
assignees: ''

---

> Before filing a new bug, verify if your request is currently tracked by another issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before filing a new bug, verify if your request is already being tracked by another issue here: https://github.com/privacypass/challenge-bypass-extension/issues.
```

--- 

> If this is a new bug, proceed and fill the following information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you believe that this is a new bug, please proceed to create an issue. The issue will only be investigated after you have filled in the following information.
```
